Update test plan for QUARKUS-960 (#25)
quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-plans: QUARKUS-960.md

 - Ensure Quarkus CLI is documented
 - Check command autocompletion (also for subcommands)
 - Ensure Quarkus CLI works fine on Windows (Windows compability will be automatically covered in the future)

>  - Compare boot times of the Quarkus CLI to other command tools such as [Spring Boot CLI](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/cli.html) and [Micronout CLI](https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/guide/index.html#buildCLI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Compare functionality and user experience of the Quarkus CLI to other command tools such as [Spring Boot CLI](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/cli.html) and [Micronout CLI](https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/guide/index.html#buildCLI)
```
